Update s3-repository docs after upgrade (#1356)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/tools/snapshot-and-restore/s3-repository.md

The following list contains the available client settings. Those that must be stored in the keystore are marked as "secure" and are **reloadable**; the other settings belong in the [`elasticsearch.yml`](/deploy-manage/stack-settings.md) file.

`region`

> :   Specifies the region to use. When configured this value will determine the signing region and regional endpoint to use, unless the endpoint is overridden via the `endpoint` setting. If not specified, we will attempt to determine the region automatically using the SDK.

Reviewer: wording nit: "set" is simpler than "configured" and "specified" and it's better to be consistent whichever word we choose. Also "we" is Elasticsearch here.

```suggestion
:   Specifies the region to use. When set, determines the signing region and regional endpoint to use, unless the endpoint is overridden via the `endpoint` setting. If not set, {{es}} will attempt to determine the region automatically using the AWS SDK.
```

:   An S3 session token. If set, the `access_key` and `secret_key` settings must also be specified.

`endpoint`
:   The S3 service endpoint to connect to. This defaults to `https://s3.amazonaws.com` but the [AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html#s3_region) lists alternative S3 endpoints. If you are using an [S3-compatible service](#repository-s3-compatible-services) then you should set this to the service’s endpoint. The endpoint should specify the protocol and host name, e.g. `https://s3.ap-southeast-4.amazonaws.com`, `http://minio.local:9000`.

`protocol`
:   The protocol to use to connect to S3. Valid values are either `http` or `https`. Defaults to `https`. When using HTTPS, this repository type validates the repository’s certificate chain using the JVM-wide truststore. Ensure that the root certificate authority is in this truststore using the JVM’s `keytool` tool. If you have a custom certificate authority for your S3 repository and you use the {{es}} [bundled JDK](../../deploy/self-managed/installing-elasticsearch.md#jvm-version), then you will need to reinstall your CA certificate every time you upgrade {{es}}.

> Deprecated: This setting is ignored since version 8.19, specify the protocol in the `endpoint` setting instead.

Author: Addressed in e555217e0e9bb996e5564438a8203dd6a2323205

:   An S3 session token. If set, the `access_key` and `secret_key` settings must also be specified.

`endpoint`
:   The S3 service endpoint to connect to. This defaults to `s3.amazonaws.com` but the [AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html#s3_region) lists alternative S3 endpoints. If you are using an [S3-compatible service](#repository-s3-compatible-services) then you should set this to the service’s endpoint.

> `protocol`

Reviewer: This setting is now in use again, see #127744. It's deprecated, users should be setting `endpoint` to a full URL including scheme, but if they omit the scheme then for now we get it from this setting.

I support moving the info about the trust store to the `endpoint` setting tho.

`use_throttle_retries`
:   Whether retries should be throttled (i.e. should back off). Must be `true` or `false`. Defaults to `true`.

> Deprecated: This setting is ignored since version 8.19, retries are always throttled.

Reviewer 2: Also totally ok with removing this one. Are these deprecated settings documented in the `reference docs`? If they are, and if we properly document them there I think we should be fine (we can just add a link to the reference doc for the entire list of available settings).

:   Whether chunked encoding should be disabled or not. If `false`, chunked encoding is enabled and will be used where appropriate. If `true`, chunked encoding is disabled and will not be used, which may mean that snapshot operations consume more resources and take longer to complete. It should only be set to `true` if you are using a storage service that does not support chunked encoding. See the [AWS Java SDK documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaSDK/latest/javadoc/com/amazonaws/services/s3/AmazonS3Builder.html#disableChunkedEncoding--) for details. Defaults to `false`.

`region`

> :   Specifies the signing region to use. If not specified, the SDK will attempt to guess the signing region to use, but it is recommended to configure this explicitly. Defaults to empty string which means that the SDK will try to automatically determine the correct signing region.

Author: Addressed in. 4a159fcf2341985f85f9a0ea578718f18b88cfa3

> :   Specifies the signing region to use. If not specified, the SDK will attempt to guess the signing region to use, but it is recommended to configure this explicitly. Defaults to empty string which means that the SDK will try to automatically determine the correct signing region.

Author: Also changed the `endpoint` docs to indicate it'll default to the regional endpoint for the configured region in 21db89b57e7a4220b0690352d710d7d3dcd42016 (I hope that's right)

> `signer_override`

Author: Addressed in e58411f32fd7bf4862446da51fa7777d36d0237d
